Add script to automate release branches (#607)
github/view_component: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you are the current maintainer of this gem:

> 1. Pick a new version number. Try to adhere to [SemVer](https://semver.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Run `script/release-branch`, using the version chosen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `script/release-branch`, choosing a version number that adheres to [SemVer](https://semver.org).
```
